# Introduction

The sham known as the Cold War came to an inevitable end and the Galactic War erupted on a galactic scale but was even more brutal than any other war in the past.
The Jedi Order quickly mobilized to compete with the Sith Empire and various third parties, all of whom were at their peak and with many mighty heroes.
Engaging each other in full-scale war once again, Sith and Republic forces clashed, while the constant specter of betrayal loomed over everyone.
Yet despite the copious amounts of traitors and third parties, they did little to stop the Republic and Empire from continuing their war.
The Great War saw some of the Republic and Empire's bravest and mightiest heroes emerge, and this only created more tension and alarm, adding to the chaos already generated by the Great War.
The immense clash would lead to the defeat of various third parties and their leaders, such as Darth Malgus, leader of his own rebellion, and Bouris Ulgo, leader of House of Ulgo of Alderaan.
The Dread Masters of the Sith Empire would be freed, and the destructive nature of this new war would radiate throughout the galaxy, slowly ravaging it.
After a long, drawn-out conflict, the Jedi Order and the Galactic Republic proved victorious and the Sith Empire of old was finally defeated.

# Section 1

The Jedi Order would return to Coruscant, abandoning Tython indefinitely, and rebuild the Jedi Temple slowly with financial aid from the recovering Republic.
A new era of peace began but was to be short-lived.
