# Section I

0-0-0 also referred to as just Triple-Zero, was a protocol droid that like any other, had expertise in problem-solving, etiquette, and translation.
Although it did not look any different than the normal protocol druids, it was educated and suitable in torture methods.
First created by a researcher in Cybot Galactica, 0-0-0 took command of the droid lab assistant’s body with his personality matrix and managed to escape before he was destroyed.

100 years before the Galactic Civil War, Wat Tambor obtained 0-0-0’s personality matrix to research it, only to fear it and send it like other artifacts on Quarantine World III located in the Kallidahin Space.

# Section II

After the Battle of Yavin, Doctor Aphra acquired his personality matrix on Quarantine World III and inputted it into a dark silver protocol droid.
0-0-0 immediately awoke from his slumber and gazed over to see Doctor Aphra and Darth Vader with his built-in red photoreceptors, who started to clarify his utilization as a droid and pledge his loyalty towards his new masters.
He was assigned to his new partner in crime, BT 1, who was a droid made for assassinations as well.
They were given a built-in unique armory of weapons; flamethrowers, grenades (thermal detonators), and any other deadly gear, preparing for their venture on Geonosis.

After a set of missions, his master, Aphra, tried to betray Vader but she was unsuccessful.
When Aphra faked her death, 0-0-0 along with BT-1 and Black Krrsantan decided to join her on travels within the galaxy.
