# Introduction

HK-47 was a Hunter-Killer series assassin droid constructed by Darth Revan shortly after the end of The Mandalorian Wars in 3960 BBY.
HK-47 proved very useful to Revan, HK-47 would assassinate a lot of targets assigned by Revan without fail.
HK-47 would be a very obedient droid,  he didn’t have any regard for his targets, he was only driven by violence and carnage.
To Revan’s amusement, he programmed HK-47 to refer to any organic life form as “Meat Bag”.

# Section 1

Revan would be captured by The Jedi, and his memory re-written by The Jedi High Council, which resulted in him forgetting about HK-47.
A Mandalorian soldier would capture HK-47 in the mandalorian space and reprogram him.
HK-47 would be involved in Mandalorian politics, going on to assassinate the reigning mandalore, and then being reprogrammed to kill his own Mandalorian master .
HK-47 would later go on from master to master.

# Section 2

Before being sold to Revan, unaware of his past.
HK-47 would serve Revan, who was now a redeemed Jedi Knight.
He would serve Revan faithfully before being left with Revan’s wife Bastilla Shan and his memory wiped once again.
HK-47 would ask Bastilla where his Master was, but Bastilla refused Revan's location.
But he refused to stay and set out to find Revan, but he would be severely damaged and dismembered.

# Section 3

HK-47 would be found and repaired by Meetra Surik, who was in search of Revan.
HK-47 would serve under Surik for a while until she left him to track down Revan.
Meetra Surik was successful in her quest, as she finally found Revan on Dromund Kaas.
Both of them attempted to assassinate The Sith Emperor, but failed and it resulted in Meetra Surik’s death and Revan held in stasis.
Unbeknownst to HK-47, he would be in search of Revan for 300 hundred years.
Revan would finally be freed by a Republic strike force, HK-47 would be set to meet Revan at the foundry, Revan planned to create a droid army led by HK-47 to defeat the Sith Empire but HK-47 would be defeated by the sith and reconstructed and reprogrammed to serve Darth Malgus.
HK-47 would protect Malgus in his final stand in his flagship but Malgus would be defeated and HK-47’s remains would be recovered before the destruction of the flagship.

# Section 4

The CIS (Confederacy Of Independent Systems) would arrive on Mustafar and find a de-activated HK-47, but still in a perfect condition.
They would activate HK-47, but unfortunately the droid would go into a killing rampage.
HK-47 would raise an entire army of droids to eliminate every living being on the planet.
The droids would fight relentlessly but they would eventually be defeated.
HK-47 would still be alive and award his enemies with a decorative hologram of himself.
