# Information

IG-88B is one of the first five identical IG Series Assassin Droids.
He was built with Masculine Programming and stands at a height of 1.96 Meters with red sensors and a chrome plating color.
IG-88B more commonly known as simply IG-88 or a Phlutdroid was a Rogue Assassin Droid manufactured by Holowan Laboratories, and thanks to his desire to kill organic matter, he was able to work as a bounty hunter for many years over which he was damaged and rebuilt four separate times.

# Section 1

IG-88B was created shortly after the Clone Wars as the first of the 5 identical IG Series Assassin Droids.
These droids were made in secret by Holowan Laboratories, and from the second IG-88B was first turned on, he had a strong desire to kill and after realizing his skills and capabilities for doing so, he went rogue, killing everyone that was with him in the lab.
IG-88B served as a War Droid for a time before he ultimately chose to pursue Bounty Hunting, as this was due to the job allowing him to kill as much organic life as he wanted.
After he became a Bounty Hunter, he very quickly became feared by the people who knew of him due to the fear of droids, specifically ones capable of killing and assassination.
This fear particularly came from the droids during The Clone Wars which instantly made IG-88B a notorious Bounty Hunter in the known galaxy, where his notoriety became rivaled only by Boba Fett.

# Section 2

During the age of the Empire, IG-88 took on multiple jobs, the first of which being capturing a Crimson Dawn Lieutenant named Qi’ra.
For this task IG-88 teamed up with Bounty Hunter Hondo Ohnaka.
During this event Qi’ra persuaded IG-88 to turn on Hondo to pick up his bounty instead which he attempted but was put in binders by Hondo, Qi’ra apprehended Hondo with a similar tactic and led them both away.

Some time after Imperial Security Bureau Agent Alexsandr Kallus hired IG-88 to capture Han Solo, Captain of The Millenium Falcon.

Later he pursued Leia Organa in order to retrieve a data tape that contained locations of multiple imperial bases, unfortunately Leia was assisted by Sabine Wren and IG-88 failed at this task.

Shortly after, IG-88 was hired to capture Venga Liss who hijacked a Lambda Class T4-a Shuttle.
Eventually she was killed by IG-88 who allowed himself to get destroyed and captured by the Gillanium Syndicate where he proceeded to kill everyone including the group's leader which was The Underlord and Liss’ father.

He was then hired by a Black Sun member, Duke Blazor to capture three individuals which formed a group known as The Gatto Gang whom IG-88 captured after the three tried to trick him.

# Section 3

In the year 3 ABY, IG-88 answered a call put out by Darth Vader to capture Han Solo alive.
IG-88 along with Boba Fett, Bossk, Dengar, Zuckuss and 4-LOM all assembled on The Executor, where Vader offered money for the task.
IG-88 trailed the Millennium Falcon all the way to Cloud City, Bespin.
IG-88 was destroyed and left for scrap for some time after his longtime rival caught him trailing them.
In the end Boba Fett was the one to capture Han Solo.

Some time later, IG-88 was hired to kill Vader alongside the Droid Crush Pirates of Bestoon.
This hit was put out by Sly Moore who also informed the droid of Vader’s at the time damaged state and code needed to slice into his armor.
The droid unsurprisingly failed at this grand task and Vader destroyed him, taking his severed hand to access a nearby terminal that IG-88 was using, through this Vader got all the information he needed on who put out the hit.
The droid proceeded to rebuild himself and head to Coruscant to inform Moore of the loss after which she gathered her council before Vader stormed in with reinforcements aware of Moore’s betrayal.
Vader then proceeded to take everyone down and destroy IG-88 once more.

# Section 4

After IG-88 was yet again found and rebuilt, he killed and destroyed his saviors in order to test himself, he claimed their ship and contacted Deva Lompop whom he was hired by.
Under orders of Lady Qi’ra, the same Qi’ra he was hired to capture years before, he was to reacquire Han Solo from Boba Fett’s ship, Slave 1.
After failing yet again despite subduing Boba Fett he returned to the planet he was initially found on prior to this contract to contemplate his future and improve his programming.

After his failure on his last job, IG-88 was hired for yet another job by The Empire this time, he was to take out the leaders of The Son-Tuun Pride that were aiding The Crimson Dawn.
After tracking some Rodians and arriving at the Son-Tuun Spaceport, IG-88 gave them time to Surrender which resulted in a firefight that the Phlutdroid won.
He reported his success and took on a bounty to take out the leader of The Unbroken Clan, Vukorah, the result of this job isn’t recorded anywhere.

IG-88 took on a job to infiltrate the second Death Star’s software which failed as he was single-handedly defeated by an Imperial Astromech Droid, R2-Q5.

# Section 5

Later down the line, IG-88 was contacted by the Mercenary Bazine Netal who was questioning IG-88 and so IG-88 told her of where he almost caught the Millennium Falcon with Kallus.
Netal responded saying that though IG-88 had a lot of excuses, her employee was only paying for results not stories, she informed the droid that someone knew where the Falcon was and that they would tell her before leaving IG-88 to continue research.
