# Introduction

The Three Pillars are the three main principles that support and strengthen the Jedi and the Jedi Code.
These are known as the Force, Knowledge, and Self-Discipline.
The pillars on the entrance of the Jedi Temple on Coruscant represent them.

# Section 1

The Force is the energy field generated by all life forms as it surrounds them and brings the galaxies together.
The Jedi believes that the universe is never cold and directionless.
The Force gives them purpose and shares their gifts with others.
It expresses itself into two aspects: the Living and the Unifying Force.

The Living Force is the life energy that surrounds all living beings.
When a being dies, a Jedi senses their loss as their life energy dissolves.
All techniques and abilities that are used originated from the Living Force.

The Unifying Force manifests the cosmic energy that unifies all the stars and galaxies together.
Communicating with this aspect of the Force allows the user to temporarily see the past or the future.
It is believed that the Unifying Force relied on the user’s understanding and is neither connected to the light or the dark side of the Force.

The Force is also divided into two sides: the light and the dark.
The light side of the Force is connected with peace and serenity while the dark side manifested fear and anger.

# Section 2

Knowledge, the center pillar, is considered the most important pillar out of the three.
A Jedi shall further improve their understanding of the ways of the Force, together with their connection to it.
It is what keeps the Jedi filled with curiosity, seeking information.
The Archives serve as the central hub of knowledge for the Jedi Order as it contains a ton of information.
Jedi Masters also record information through the use of the Jedi Holocron, mostly containing their lessons about the ways of the Force.

# Section 3

Knowledge, the center pillar, is considered the most important pillar out of the three.
A Jedi shall further improve their understanding of the ways of the Force, together with their connection to it.
It is what keeps the Jedi filled with curiosity, seeking information.
The Archives serve as the central hub of knowledge for the Jedi Order as it contains a ton of information.
Jedi Masters also record information through the use of the Jedi Holocron, mostly containing their lessons about the ways of the Force.

# Section 4

Self-Discipline is defined as controlling themselves from emotions and distractions and does not seek to control others.
This includes all the responsibilities and awareness of a Jedi.
This Pillar primarily aims to restrain the Jedi from their emotions.

A great expression of self-discipline is through meditation.
It connects the Jedi’s mind and spirit with the will of the Force as the Force revitalizes their body and enhances their mind.
Meditation is separated into three parts: Rising Meditation, Empty Meditation, and the Moving Meditation.

The Rising Meditation enhances the connection to the Force to an extent that a Jedi may find themselves levitating.
This allows them to communicate with the Unifying Force.

The Empty Meditation prevents a Jedi from negative emotions and refrains them from attachments.

The Moving Meditation enhances focus and decreases distraction which allows a Jedi to complete their task excellently.
